[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So I am aware that there
going to be tons of differences of how
people test this.
This is great.
There’s so many way you can do it.
Some people started using before,
before each and maybe even after each and
some people use promises.
Some people made multiple
requests inside of one id block,
some people did method describes or
many describes.
So there's so many ways you can do this.
There's not one right way
to write these tests.
So I'm going to show you the solution
I have which probably is
not one of the best ways but
let me start this or
commit this actually.
>> Speaker 1: All right,
so, let's see, checkout.
Step-5-fix.
So the way I wrote it was,
I just did nested requests for
things that need a resource
to be there already.
So as far as creating a line,
the way I created a line is,
well this one was pretty
easy to just create a line.
So you make a post request,
if you didn't find out,
you have to use the .send method.
You can send json to the request.
I'm just putting in a line here.
Mufasa, evil lions.
And then application json expected 201.
If you put 201, or if you put 200 and
you got back a 201 and still passed,
that's fine because they're
both passing status codes.
If you did something like 400 or
something,
you're not supposed to change it.
And then inside of here I'm
just doing a basic type test.
So expect this to be an object.
So really again, silly test.
You could probably write better
tests than this and you should, but
again this is just an example
of how you would write tests.
So for instance, you would write
tests to see like, expect, or
first I'll say var lion or Mufasa.
Is that how you spell his name, Mufasa?
Whatever, I don't think anybody
knows how to spell his name.
>> Speaker 1: And then you just say
>> Speaker 1: Mufasa.name to be, so
these are better tests right.
You actually like make sure that
this stuff is the way it should be,
or you can just do like equality check so
you can say expect Mufasa to be like,
make this object somewhere else.
Bar line equals stat.
Then come down here and
say send the lion, and
then expect Mufasa to equal,
this is deep equal lion.
So then we check and
see if the objects are the same,
right.
>> Speaker 1: if you use eql,
that won't work cuz it'll literally do
object equals object which is false.
They're two different objects.
They're both objects, but they're two
different objects so that would work.
Where as eql would do
a equals which means like
just check to see if they all have
the same properties and same values.
So you would run that.
You can just run epm test to run test.
I guess I didn't update
[INAUDIBLE] this one.
[INAUDIBLE] let me see.
Yeah, so thepackage.json if you just,
the test script you can say,
what you would normally put which would be
mochaserverspec.js and
run that [INAUDIBLE] test.
It looks, like the ID is wrong.
Yeah, the ID is wrong because it gets
changed to a number on the server.
So, I guess that really wouldn't work?
>> Speaker 1: So,
I'm just gonna get rid of that one for
now.
And then as far as deleting a line.
>> Speaker 1: We
need a lion there in the first place.
So I guess technically we do have one,
because we just posted to the server.
That's great, but
I don't have this lion's ID.
I didn't save it because first of
all it's in this it block up here so
I don't have Mufasa.id.
I need that ID to send a request although,
we can probably assume it's just
one because of the first one.
So, we can just put one there,
which is okay but,
it would be better if we had the ID.
So, what I did first
was I made a new lion.
I'm like, all right, so
I sent the lion there.
And on that response,
grab the lion then do another request
that deletes what that lions ID.
And I'm just going to expect the rest
of that body to d equals the lion
that I sent.
>> Speaker 1: Which
would probably fail too because the ID.
It passed.
Everybody see me there?
I just made a request, I created one
first, I got the id of it, and I sent it.
The other way you could do it
is you could do it before.
So like in mocha and jasmine, inside
of a describe you can use before and
before each and the way this works is
it's a callback function that will
run either before all the its,
or before each it depending if
you use before or before each.
So I could say before each it just
go ahead and make a new line right.
So I could just make a new line here but
then I have to play with the closers
a little bit, because I need to
be able to reference that lion.
So I need to say, created lion and then
down here I have to update it every time.
I don't like messing
around with closers so
I decided not to do that.
Any questions so far?
>> Speaker 2: A couple came up here.
How would you do some
negative integration testing?
Negative integration testing.
I'm not sure exactly what that is.
That's the first time I've ever
heard negative integrating testing.
>> Speaker 1: I'll see if they're a couple
of seconds.
>> Speaker 2: All right.
>> Speaker 1: I'll see if he adds to that.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 1: I guess for
like fail request failing.
>> Speaker 2: If request failing?
>> Speaker 1: Or name no longer equals
after update.
So, I’m still not quite sure, but
I'm guessing what he's saying if for
instance you were testing to see if
this user had access to this url,
you expect it to come back as a 401,
or something like that, then yeah,
you would just type in
the appropriate status code.
And then you would just do some assertions
on the response that your server
sent back.
So if you were trying to access this
resource and you expected to get a 401,
and you expected to get this certain
error message back, it's the same thing.
I mean, it's no different.
It's the exact same thing.
You just have to make sure you expect
the assertions that your server is
sending back.
It's no different.
>> Speaker 1: Any other questions?
>> Speaker 2: I'm caught up here.
>> Speaker 1: Okay.
>> Speaker 1: That was delete.
The update is pretty much the same thing.
You need to create a line,
grab the ID, and
then you also need to send
an object to update something.
So I sent an object,
just updating the new name.
And now we just wanna make sure
that the new name got updated when
it came back which it did rIght?
So created a line with
the name called test lion and
then when that came back I
grabbed that lion's ID and
then I wanted to update it with
a new name, that's called new name.
And then when that comes back I'm
gonna inspect to see that it equals
the new name.
>> Speaker 1: All right.
Any questions on that?
>> Speaker 2: What
about testing preconditions,
like checking that the lion exists before
deletion?
>> Speaker 1: Checking the lion exists
before deletion.
So let me walk through that.
So let's go back to deletion.
So here we deleted it.
We want to see if the lion
exists before delete.
Well, so we posted the server and
we created a lion.
We have the lion, and then we deleted it.
So, I mean,
you mean testing this lion right here?
I think that's what he's talking about.
I mean, yeah, you could test this line,
but this test is not for creation,
this test is for deletion.
That’s why I didn't make
the assertions here.
I think that's what
the person's talking about.
I'm not sure.
>> Speaker 1: But
we're just testing whatever
the server response is.
If you want to be able to test more
things, then as far as integration tests
go, you're only gonna be able to test
whatever the server responds to you.
If you want more fine-grained control
of what's actually happening,
then you have to write unit tests.
>> Speaker 1: In
the update task [INAUDIBLE].
>> Speaker 1: Now I made a put, so
in the update,
I made a host to create the lion and
then down below here I made a put
request to update the lion.
>> Speaker 2: There's a question
[INAUDIBLE], can they have, can you have
a function that runs before any test?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, you can have, so
all you have to do is go to the top.
Describe in your test and
put it beforeEach.
So I put beforeEach here.
This will run before every single it.
All right so
if I say console.log right here,
>> Speaker 1: Then I go run my test.
That should run before every single it.
Yup, hey hey hey hey.
So let's go to your top scope and
do it before each.
>> Speaker 1: Cool.
It looks like I forgot one.
I get 1, right?
Should be a test for
a get 1.
Yeah, but that was pretty remedial.
I could write it, but I'm not gonna write
it unless people want to see me write it.
It's just going to be
the same thing as get all.
It's gonna be like create one and
then get one.
I can do it, but
I think you guys get the point.